Logging doc to link to ASP.NET Core logging (#3137)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: docs/logs/getting-started/README.md

`OpenTelemetryLoggerProvider`, which is configured to export logs to
`ConsoleExporter`. `ConsoleExporter` simply displays it on the console.

> If you are using ASP.NET Core applications, then adding logging providers

Author: I have seen users trying to create LoggerFactory by hand, and managing its lifecycle themselves (often incorrectly). Linking to the common workload type to advice users about this..

Ideally this should be covered fully in the .net logging docs, and we should simply link from opentelemetry to there. But as of today, the .NET logging docs for console apps (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/extensions/logging?tabs=command-line#non-host-console-app) is very minimal..

> If you are using ASP.NET Core applications, then adding logging providers

Reviewer: Consider something like:

In a real application, the `ILogger` instance might be obtained using a very different way, here are some useful links:
* Logging in ASP.NET Core

Reviewer: And maybe link to the example, e.g. https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/blob/6b0883eb224fb143b14e527cc622eeb584c58770/examples/AspNetCore/Program.cs#L89

Author: this sounds better.! let me tweak further.

`OpenTelemetryLoggerProvider`, which is configured to export logs to
`ConsoleExporter`. `ConsoleExporter` simply displays it on the console.

Adding logging providers, obtaining `ILogger` instance, etc. could be done

> differently based on the application type. For e.g. [Logging in ASP.NET

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
differently based on the application type. For example, [Logging in ASP.NET
```

`OpenTelemetryLoggerProvider`, which is configured to export logs to
`ConsoleExporter`. `ConsoleExporter` simply displays it on the console.

Adding logging providers, obtaining `ILogger` instance, etc. could alternatively

> be done in ways, more idiomatic to the application type. For e.g. [Logging in

Reviewer: This line sounds weird to me. Consider getting some help from native English speakers (I am not).

`OpenTelemetryLoggerProvider`, which is configured to export logs to
`ConsoleExporter`. `ConsoleExporter` simply displays it on the console.

Adding logging providers, obtaining `ILogger` instance, etc. might be done

> differently based on the type of the application. Check the respective

Reviewer: "check the respective documents" seems to indicate that this doc promises to provide/maintain a list of such documents, which is not the case?

documentations to learn about the idiomatic way of doing logs for each
application type.

* [Logging in ASP.NET
Core](https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/fundamentals/logging#logging-providers)
([Example](../../../examples/AspNetCore/Program.cs))

> 

Reviewer: nit: remove the extra white line
